# CSCI2100A_24P1
Project Template for CUHK CSCI2100A Fall 2024

## Supported Languages

- C++
- Java
- Python**3**

**Note that python2 is deprecated and you should never use it in any new projects.**

## Quick Start Guide

### Step 1: Fork the repository on GitHub

### Step 2: Clone the repository

### Step 3: Install the required libraries

Assume you are using **debian-based linux distributions**, you can install the required libraries by running the following commands specified below.

For macOS and Windows users, you should look for VM or WSL to run debian-based linux distributions.

**We do not provide official support for macOS and Windows, but you can try to install the required libraries by yourself, then provide a PR to update this document and help those in need**

#### For C++

```bash
sudo apt install build-essential
sudo apt install libcurl4-openssl-dev nlohmann-json3-dev
```

#### For Java

```bash
sudo apt install openjdk-17-jdk
sudo apt install libgoogle-gson-java
```
#### For Python

```bash
sudo apt install python3
```

### Step 4: Obtain your API key

Signup for a free account at [financialmodelingprep](https://site.financialmodelingprep.com/login)

Visit [https://financialmodelingprep.com/api/v3/market-capitalization/AAPL](https://financialmodelingprep.com/api/v3/market-capitalization/AAPL), the browser should automatically fill in the API key for you, copy the API key and paste it into `entry.sh`.

### Step 5: Run the example eval script

The entry point for the project is `entry.sh`, and by default its for C++.

Commend out the C++ part and uncomment the Java or Python part if you want to run the Java or Python version.

Finally, run the following command to execute the script.

```bash
bash entry.sh
```

### Step6: Write your own code

You can start writing your own code in the corresponding language directory, change `entry.sh` to run your code.

## Output Format

The output should be in csv format, as the exact format in the example output.

The filename should be `table1.csv`, 'table2.csv', 'table1_sorted_a.csv' and 'table1_sorted_b.csv', corresponding to the output of the of the first table, the second table, and the two sorted tables, respectively.

## Evaluation

The project will be evaluated based on the following criteria:

- Tests passed (45% total score): this part is related to the correctness of the outputs and the performance of your program (points will be deducted if the running time is long or the program generates incomplete/wrong outcomes);
- Report and analysis of results (25% total score):
    - (12%) The design of your program, including a clear illustration of the data structures used and their algorithms. Use one or more figures to explain your design.
    - (10%) The tradeoffs made in your design.
        - The tradeoffs include the parameter combinations studied in your implementation and a detailed analysis of your design choices.
        - Examples of tradeoffs made.
        - Discuss with justifications the best choice of the parameters to support the application. Analyze the results obtained and propose other approaches to improve them. It would help if you discussed the effects of your tradeoffs on solution times.
        A high score will be given only on a very detailed analysis.
        - Readability of the report (points will be deducted for poor readability).
        - (3%) A VeriGuide report on your written report.
- Program and functions implemented with proper documentation and comments (30% total score)
    - (15%) Implementing the data structures for the selection sort and the quick-sort.
    - (15%) Quality of program code, including proper documentation and instructions for the teaching assistants to compile and run your program. Provide a README file on how to compile and run your program. Also, explain the outputs generated by your program.

The First Part will be done by running the evaluation script, `eval.sh`, which will parse the output csv files and check its correctness.